chore: Add release notes for 0.4.0 of extension (#148)
timescale/pgai: projects/extension/RELEASE_NOTES.md

# Pgai Extension Release Notes

# pgai extension 0.4.0 (2024-10-23)

This release add the Vectorizer feature to the extension. Vectorizer is an 
innovative SQL-level interface for automating the embedding process within

> the database by treating embeddings as a declarative, DDL-like feature—akin to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the database. Vectorizer treats embeddings as a declarative, DDL-like feature, similar to 
```

an index. For more details, check out the [documentation](/docs/vectorizer.md).

> ## Breaking changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Breaking changes
```

- There are no update paths from 0.1.0, 0.2.0, 0.3.0 to the 0.4.0 release. You 
  must `DROP EXTENSION ai` and then `CREATE EXTENSION ai VERSION '0.4.0' CASCADE`.
- The pgai extension is now installed in the `ai` schema. It was previously 
  installed in the `public` schema by default, but could be explicitly put in 
  another schema. All pgai functions have moved to the `ai` schema. For example,
  `openai_list_models()` is now `ai.openai_list_models()`

> - The pg_database_owner and the database user running `CREATE EXTENSION` now get

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `pg_database_owner` and the database user running `CREATE EXTENSION` now get
```

>   admin privileges over the extension. Other database users/roles will need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  admin privileges over the extension. Other database users and roles need to
```

>   be granted privileges to use the extension which is done via functions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  be granted privileges to use the extension. You do this using [functions](docs/privileges.md).
```

>   See [privileges.md](docs/privileges.md).

Reviewer: Delete.

> ## New Features and Improvements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### New features and improvements
```

Can you put this section above the breaking changes. Best is to go from good to less good in a RN.

>   See [privileges.md](docs/privileges.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Added Vectorizer feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the Vectorizer feature.
```

- Added support for the `rank_fields` parameter to the `cohere_rerank` function.
- Added support for the `base_url` parameter to the OpenAI functions.
- Various functions were changed from `volatile` to `immutable` for performance.

> - Added `ai.openai_chat_complete_simple` function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `ai.openai_chat_complete_simple` function.
```
